Create bytesize_nfcore_createtaxdb.md (#3414)
nf-core/website: sites/main-site/src/content/events/2025/bytesize_nfcore_createtaxdb.md

---
title: "Bytesize: nf-core/createtaxdb"
subtitle: James Fellows Yates, Leibniz-HKI
type: talk
startDate: "2025-09-09"
startTime: "13:00+02:00"
endDate: "2025-09-09"
endTime: "13:30+02:00"
locations:
  - name: Online
    links:
      - https://kth-se.zoom.us/j/68390542812
---

> In this weeks bytesize, James [@jfy133](https://github.com/jfy133) is giving about the new nf-core pipeline [nf-core/createtaxdb](https://nf-co.re/createtaxdb/dev/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this weeks bytesize, James [@jfy133](https://github.com/jfy133) is giving a talk about the new nf-core pipeline [nf-core/createtaxdb](https://nf-co.re/createtaxdb/).
```
